you see something of the most sold built-in ovens
from bale
plv
81 100
what makes this device so unique
only is the outside
carried out on the city intervention
countersunk buttons
entzinger spot free rusty steel
the design includes a frame door
it is the bottom of the banks of the fed logo
the operation is made of two buttons
where with the left button
specific program you can set
that means the star favor top
and rightly so the button
corresponding
such a temperature to be controlled
zottegem is more likely to see an LCD display as a curate
when is displayed
what the choice is concerned
when opening the device
then we see a big one
67 by proxy they are
spread over five
levels
and provided with a clean and mowed interior
the device has six functions
pizza bread maxi cookie ing
to steam
keep warm
a gray one
and very interesting
slow cooking
it also has the ability to quickly flat the device
through the place for coctailbar
you can easily set the start time of the device
of course the device is sometimes what kind of weapon can be expected
carried out and energy checkout nebo
and does not have him very large content of 67
the Turkish
of the over
it consists of a glass plate
making you
with a throat off the dirt at the door this can easily be done
as a last device provided with the municipality is wise in my measurements
childproof
has a cold door construction
a very interesting device
the start for a great price
more information
www
the fireplace white goods
search by dlv
in the 80 100